The country of Quvania is an enormous country with a population of 10946646 fairies
Bordered between a huge sea to the North, huge, open plains to the South, a calm sea to the East and a huge lake to the West, the country of Quvania mainly lives off fishing, mining and wood production.
Quvania itself is mainly covered in sand plains and has a warm climate, which has lead to a packed population, despite the number of people, which means most of them live in metropolises.
The country's landscape is depressing; dark, gloomy forests, concealed mountain views and steep, sinister mountains are just a sliver of the crudity Quvania has to offer, which is why the country is evaded among foreigners.
The people of Quvania are toughtful towards foreigners and tend to welcome them with open arms. They feel foreigners could bring prosperity the country's well being.
Quvania has hard laws and law enforcement, which is fairly normal. The people are violent due to a decreasing population, caused by old superstitions.
This is also reflected in the country's flag, which has three horizontal stripes and a triangle in light bronze, dark bronze, bronze, dark silver and dark grey. Their coat of arms is a dog on top of two waves
The country of Cedoria is a modest country with a population of 418491 humans
Bordered between fertile grounds to the North, woodlands to the South, large rock formations to the East and a huge lake to the West, the country of Cedoria mainly lives off wood production, baking and cooking.
Cedoria itself is mainly covered in mountains and has a stormy climate, which has lead to a fairly centered population, despite the number of people, which means most of them live in metropolises.
The country's landscape is sublime; astonishing aquatic wildlife, gentle hills and gentle hills are just a sliver of the gorgeousness Cedoria has to offer, which is why the country is adored among foreigners.
The people of Cedoria are unsympathetic towards foreigners and tend to welcome them with turned cheeks. They feel foreigners could inhibit the country's well being.
Cedoria has rough laws and law enforcement, which is what you'd expect. The people are anxious due to lack of freedom, caused by angered spirits.
This is also reflected in the country's flag, which has four small crosses in dark bronze, dark grey and black. Their coat of arms are two arrows with two shields on either side
The country of Toria is an enormous country with a population of 10362814 fairies
Bordered between large rock formations to the North, a volcano to the South, a calm ocean to the East and a huge mountain to the West, the country of Toria mainly lives off thieving, engineering and trade.
Toria itself is mainly covered in deserts and has a dry climate, which has lead to a scattered population, despite the number of people, which means most of them live in small towns.
The country's landscape is quite beautiful; jade green fields, gorgeous farmlands and red leaved trees are just a sliver of the features Toria has to offer, which is why the country is revered among foreigners.
The people of Toria are compassionate towards foreigners and tend to welcome them with heartiness. They feel foreigners could feed the country's well being.
Toria has resolute laws and law enforcement, which is quite normal. The people are serene due to prosperous trade, thanks to inherited lands.
This is also reflected in the country's flag, which has three connected cirlces in dark red, dark purple, dark silver and blue. Their coat of arms is a hammer surrounded by 3 small stars
The country of Toria is a little country with a population of 219793 giants
Bordered between mineral rich mountains to the North, a jungle to the South, huge mountains to the East and wasteland to the West, the country of Toria mainly lives off wood production, jewelcrafting and hunting.
Toria itself is mainly covered in rainforests and has a rainy climate, which has lead to a scattered population, despite the number of people, which means most of them live in small outposts.
The country's landscape is dark; wild, overgrown forests, prickly flowers and smelly, overgrown ponds are just a sliver of the dysphoria Toria has to offer, which is why the country is ignored among foreigners.
The people of Toria are hostile towards foreigners and tend to welcome them with avoiding eyes. They feel foreigners could thwart the country's well being.
Toria has firm laws and law enforcement, which is predictable. The people are hostily due to failing crops, caused by lackluster and lazy lifestyles.
This is also reflected in the country's flag, which has four horizontal stripes in grey, dark pink and brown. Their coat of arms is a spider with two shields on either side
The country of Udor is a huge country with a population of 11779469 humans
Bordered between a calm ocean to the North, fjords to the South, a small ocean to the East and a wide river to the West, the country of Udor mainly lives off animal breeding, engineering and baking.
Udor itself is mainly covered in swamps and has a tropical climate, which has lead to a tightly concentrated population, despite the number of people, which means most of them live in large settlements.
The country's landscape is unsightly; collapsing fjords, prickly flowers and dry, barren fields are just a sliver of the roughness Udor has to offer, which is why the country is despised among foreigners.
The people of Udor are helpful towards foreigners and tend to welcome them with goodwill. They feel foreigners could help the country's well being.
Udor has moderate laws and law enforcement, which is what you'd expect. The people are harmonious due to prosperous trade, thanks to perfecting themselves after years of training.
This is also reflected in the country's flag, which has three horizontal stripes and a triangle in dark yellow and dark grey. Their coat of arms is a dragon on top of three stripes
The country of Uskium is a large country with a population of 14373840 halflings
Bordered between fertile grounds to the North, a huge forest to the South, a huge lake to the East and huge mountains to the West, the country of Uskium mainly lives off beer brewing, armorsmithing and tailoring.
Uskium itself is mainly covered in swamps and has a wet climate, which has lead to a cramped population, despite the number of people, which means most of them live in huge settlements.
The country's landscape is hideous; black, decaying trees, bleak, bare forests and black, decaying trees are just a sliver of the melancholia Uskium has to offer, which is why the country is infamous among foreigners.
The people of Uskium are heartless towards foreigners and tend to welcome them with coldness. They feel foreigners could suppress the country's well being.
Uskium has mild laws and law enforcement, which is what you'd expect. The people are unbalanced due to questionable safety, caused by remnants of a dark history.
This is also reflected in the country's flag, which has two circles in dark pink, light purple and dark blue. Their coat of arms is a twig with two arrows on either side
The country of Uskium is a small country with a population of 1270730 trolls
Bordered between highlands to the North, frozen lands to the South, hills to the East and a calm ocean to the West, the country of Uskium mainly lives off animal training, farming and cooking.
Uskium itself is mainly covered in steep mountains and has a arctic climate, which has lead to a dispersed population, despite the number of people, which means most of them live in tiny villages.
The country's landscape is treacherous; decaying forests, aggressive wildlife and black, decaying trees are just a sliver of the unrefinement Uskium has to offer, which is why the country is an avoided destination among foreigners.
The people of Uskium are sympathetic towards foreigners and tend to welcome them with drinks. They feel foreigners could stimulate the country's well being.
Uskium has mild laws and law enforcement, which is expected in their circumstances. The people are tormented due to infertile lands, caused by old superstitions.
This is also reflected in the country's flag, which has an important spiritual symbol in bronze, light blue, yellow and light red. Their coat of arms is a lion surrounded by leaves
The country of Athea is a huge country with a population of 4242052 humans
Bordered between a calm ocean to the North, a wild sea to the South, a wild sea to the East and an ocean to the West, the country of Athea mainly lives off engineering, wine brewing and fletching.
Athea itself is mainly covered in shallow rivers and has a temperate climate, which has lead to a tightly concentrated population, despite the number of people, which means most of them live in large villages.
The country's landscape is stunning; white, snowy trees, small, hidden ponds and small, hidden ponds are just a sliver of the brilliance Athea has to offer, which is why the country is famous among foreigners.
The people of Athea are bitter towards foreigners and tend to welcome them with avoiding eyes. They feel foreigners could restrict the country's well being.
Athea has hard laws and law enforcement, which is fairly normal. The people are anxious due to recent wars, caused by natural disasters.
This is also reflected in the country's flag, which has three vertical stripes and a triangle in light yellow, dark bronze, dark silver and pink. Their coat of arms are two arrows on a pentagon
The country of Ogria is a modest country with a population of 170469 dwarves
Bordered between woodlands to the North, a wide river to the South, a bamboo forest to the East and rough beaches to the West, the country of Ogria mainly lives off tailoring, beer brewing and animal breeding.
Ogria itself is mainly covered in uninhabitable wastelands and has a dry climate, which has lead to a crowded population, despite the number of people, which means most of them live in huge towns.
The country's landscape is friendly; gentle hills, half frozen rivers and soft, foggy fields are just a sliver of the appeal Ogria has to offer, which is why the country is an admired destination among foreigners.
The people of Ogria are neighborly towards foreigners and tend to welcome them with a place to stay. They feel foreigners could contribute to the country's well being.
Ogria has stern laws and law enforcement, which is expected in their circumstances. The people are disturbed due to questionable safety, caused by greed.
This is also reflected in the country's flag, which has three small crosses in dark blue, white and light red. Their coat of arms is a bell surrounded by leaves
The country of Lessau is a humble country with a population of 501917 elves
Bordered between a stone wall to the North, a river to the South, a small sea to the East and a calm sea to the West, the country of Lessau mainly lives off trade, beer brewing and fishing.
Lessau itself is mainly covered in caves and has a cold climate, which has lead to a loosely concentrated population, despite the number of people, which means most of them live in small outposts.
The country's landscape is delicate; dramatic mountain views, cascading rivers and terraced fields of green are just a sliver of the richness Lessau has to offer, which is why the country is a preferred destination among foreigners.
The people of Lessau are toughtful towards foreigners and tend to welcome them with warmth and kindness. They feel foreigners could contribute to the country's well being.
Lessau has humane laws and law enforcement, which is to be expected. The people are frightened due to questionable safety, caused by unfortunate natural elements.
This is also reflected in the country's flag, which has two horizontal stripes and a star in dark pink, silver and blue. Their coat of arms is a rooster on a hexagon
The country of Zorus is a small country with a population of 935202 humans
Bordered between a wild sea to the North, a wild river to the South, a huge forest to the East and a calm sea to the West, the country of Zorus mainly lives off animal training, animal breeding and fletching.
Zorus itself is mainly covered in rivers and has a humid climate, which has lead to a closely gathered population, despite the number of people, which means most of them live in big cities.
The country's landscape is delightful; cascading rivers, sapphire lakes and impressive architecture are just a sliver of the delicacy Zorus has to offer, which is why the country is popular among foreigners.
The people of Zorus are rude towards foreigners and tend to welcome them with annoyance. They feel foreigners could damage the country's well being.
Zorus has humane laws and law enforcement, which is to be expected. The people are tormented due to deteriorating infrastructure, caused by a struggling economy.
This is also reflected in the country's flag, which has three horizontal stripes and a circle in dark red, yellow and dark grey. Their coat of arms is a whale's tail surrounded by 3 small stars
The country of Emain is a little country with a population of 1119124 wood elves
Bordered between a jungle to the North, rough beaches to the South, a jungle to the East and a calm river to the West, the country of Emain mainly lives off animal breeding, medicine and mining.
Emain itself is mainly covered in tall mountains and has a humid climate, which has lead to a thinly spread population, despite the number of people, which means most of them live in small hamlets.
The country's landscape is dangerous; ominous trees, ominous trees and black, decaying trees are just a sliver of the aridity Emain has to offer, which is why the country is ignored among foreigners.
The people of Emain are cold towards foreigners and tend to welcome them with bitterness. They feel foreigners could hamper the country's well being.
Emain has rough laws and law enforcement, which is quite normal. The people are violent due to a lack of skilled craftsmen, caused by angered spirits.
This is also reflected in the country's flag, which has two horizontal stripes in dark brown, dark blue, dark gold, grey and brown. Their coat of arms is a twig on top of three small circles
The country of Cedoria is a large country with a population of 10990083 dwarves
Bordered between huge mountains to the North, fertile grounds to the South, frozen mountains to the East and a swampland to the West, the country of Cedoria mainly lives off leatherworking, alchemy and trade.s
Cedoria itself is mainly covered in marshlands and has a cold climate, which has lead to a stretched population, despite the number of people, which means most of them live in tiny towns.
The country's landscape is delicate; white sandy beaches, green, open fields and cascading rivers are just a sliver of the gorgeousness Cedoria has to offer, which is why the country is loved among foreigners.
The people of Cedoria are cold towards foreigners and tend to welcome them with nonchalance. They feel foreigners could harm the country's well being.
Cedoria has docile laws and law enforcement, which is to be expected. The people are upset due to declining neighbor relations, caused by technological setbacks.
This is also reflected in the country's flag, which has three horizontal stripes in light brown, brown and gold. Their coat of arms is an anima's claw under a key 
The country of Osium is an average-sized country with a population of 966467 giants
Bordered between mineral rich mountains to the North, a calm ocean to the South, mineral rich mountains to the East and a stone wall to the West, the country of Osium mainly lives off tailoring, thieving and weaponsmithing.
Osium itself is mainly covered in rich woodlands and has a polar climate, which has lead to a sparsely spread population, despite the number of people, which means most of them live in small towns.
The country's landscape is dark; black lakes, prickly flowers and dark, gloomy forests are just a sliver of the barrenness Osium has to offer, which is why the country is unpopular among foreigners.
The people of Osium are ill-tempered towards foreigners and tend to welcome them with cynicism. They feel foreigners could sabotage the country's well being.
Osium has rigid laws and law enforcement, which is fairly normal. The people are irritated due to a lack of skilled craftsmen, caused by angered spirits.
This is also reflected in the country's flag, which has two vertical stripes and a triangle in light orange, black and yellow. Their coat of arms is a moon on top of three small circles 
The country of Osium is a humble country with a population of 430800 wood elves
Bordered between a wide river to the North, a marsh to the South, large rock formations to the East and a canal to the West, the country of Osium mainly lives off mining, animal training and baking.
Osium itself is mainly covered in large hills and has a snowy climate, which has lead to a scattered population, despite the number of people, which means most of them live in small settlements.
The country's landscape is vicious; murky lakes, somber hills and black, decaying trees are just a sliver of the dangers Osium has to offer, which is why the country is shunned among foreigners.
The people of Osium are kindhearted towards foreigners and tend to welcome them with heartiness. They feel foreigners could popularize the country's well being.
Osium has docile laws and law enforcement, which is quite normal. The people are unconcerend due to the country's natural beauty, thanks to a perfect climate balance.
This is also reflected in the country's flag, which has two horizontal and 1 vertical stripe in light pink, dark brown, brown, dark yellow and dark bronze. Their coat of arms is an anima's claw on a square
The country of Bunia is a modest country with a population of 598303 wood elves
Bordered between a wild river to the North, a frozen sea to the South, a calm river to the East and a huge lake to the West, the country of Bunia mainly lives off herbalism, alchemy and animal training.
Bunia itself is mainly covered in rivers and has a dry climate, which has lead to a loosely concentrated population, despite the number of people, which means most of them live in towns.
The country's landscape is wicked; dried up lakes, black lakes and rocky beaches are just a sliver of the loneliness Bunia has to offer, which is why the country is hated among foreigners.
The people of Bunia are friendly towards foreigners and tend to welcome them with friendliness. They feel foreigners could vitalize the country's well being.
Bunia has hard laws and law enforcement, which is fairly normal. The people are friendly due to their gentle nature, thanks to never giving up.
This is also reflected in the country's flag, which has two vertical stripes and a circle in dark gold, light gold and light yellow. Their coat of arms is a spear on a triangle
The country of Ostax is an enormous country with a population of 10457707 gnomes
Bordered between a river to the North, a bamboo forest to the South, a small sea to the East and a tropical forest to the West, the country of Ostax mainly lives off mining, crafting and beer brewing.
Ostax itself is mainly covered in frozen lakes and has a snowy climate, which has lead to a fairly centered population, despite the number of people, which means most of them live in metropolises.
The country's landscape is frightening; small, deserted waterfalls, somber architecture and aggressive wildlife are just a sliver of the foulness Ostax has to offer, which is why the country is avoided among foreigners.
The people of Ostax are reserved towards foreigners and tend to welcome them with neutrality. They feel foreigners could sabotage the country's well being.
Ostax has gentle laws and law enforcement, which is to be expected. The people are troubled due to questionable safety, caused by remnants of a dark history.
This is also reflected in the country's flag, which has two jaggedly connected parts in light silver, light brown and light grey. Their coat of arms is a chicken on a shield 
The country of Asharia is a large country with a population of 10213245 dwarves
Bordered between a canal to the North, a huge lake to the South, tall mountains to the East and hills to the West, the country of Asharia mainly lives off alchemy, armorsmithing and farming.
Asharia itself is mainly covered in fertile lands and has a dry climate, which has lead to a thinly spread population, despite the number of people, which means most of them live in villages.
The country's landscape is dreary; dangerous mountains, wild rivers and black, decaying trees are just a sliver of the sterility Asharia has to offer, which is why the country is an unpopular destination among foreigners.
The people of Asharia are sympathetic towards foreigners and tend to welcome them with a place to stay. They feel foreigners could support the country's well being.
Asharia has stern laws and law enforcement, which is predictable. The people are distressed due to questionable safety, caused by remnants of a civil war.
This is also reflected in the country's flag, which has three vertical stripes in dark orange, dark yellow, light gold, blue and light red. Their coat of arms is a rooster on a circle
The country of Bunia is an average-sized country with a population of 543860 gnomes
Bordered between desertland to the North, frozen mountains to the South, a large, frozen lake to the East and a tropical forest to the West, the country of Bunia mainly lives off jewelcrafting, thieving and trade.
Bunia itself is mainly covered in rivers and lakes and has a rainy climate, which has lead to a dispersed population, despite the number of people, which means most of them live in small outposts.
The country's landscape is grisly; dry, barren fields, forgotten farmlands and dangerous mountains are just a sliver of the foulness Bunia has to offer, which is why the country is an infamous destination among foreigners.
The people of Bunia are compassionate towards foreigners and tend to welcome them with drinks. They feel foreigners could strengthen the country's well being.
Bunia has loose laws and law enforcement, which is predictable. The people are restful due to the calm nature around them, thanks to fortunate genetics.
This is also reflected in the country's flag, which has three horizontal stripes and a circle in dark bronze, dark grey and light red. Their coat of arms are two lions on a shield
The country of Gorus is a small country with a population of 120986 goblins
Bordered between a calm ocean to the North, a glacier to the South, a small mountain range to the East and desertland to the West, the country of Gorus mainly lives off weaponsmithing, wine brewing and mining.
The country's landscape is treacherous; creepy, aquatic wildlife, desolate grasslands and ice-cold mountains are just a sliver of the misery Gorus has to offer, which is why the country is a skipped destination among foreigners.
The people of Gorus are brusque towards foreigners and tend to welcome them with resentment. They feel foreigners could deface the country's well being.
Gorus has mild laws and law enforcement, which is what you'd expect. The people are hostily due to infertile lands, caused by an unfortunate climate.
This is also reflected in the country's flag, which has three connected cirlces in black and yellow. Their coat of arms are snowflakes on a triangle 
The country of Uskium is a little country with a population of 245286 humans
Bordered between large mountains to the North, a river to the South, a calm ocean to the East and rough beaches to the West, the country of Uskium mainly lives off baking, carpenting and blacksmithing.
Uskium itself is mainly covered in swamps and has a calm climate, which has lead to a compactly concentrated population, despite the number of people, which means most of them live in huge settlements.
The country's landscape is gloomy; creepy, aquatic wildlife, black lakes and concealed mountain views are just a sliver of the unrefinement Uskium has to offer, which is why the country is rejected among foreigners.
The people of Uskium are supportive towards foreigners and tend to welcome them with a hearty meal. They feel foreigners could advance the country's well being.
Uskium has precise laws and law enforcement, which is normal for their situation. The people are displeased due to recent destructions, caused by a struggling economy.
This is also reflected in the country's flag, which has two vertical stripes and a star in silver, dark orange and purple. Their coat of arms is a dagger on top of three small circles
The country of Quvania is an average-sized country with a population of 1142695 wood elves
Bordered between fjords to the North, wasteland to the South, a small mountain range to the East and large hills to the West, the country of Quvania mainly lives off farming, medicine and wood production.
Quvania itself is mainly covered in jungles and has a rainy climate, which has lead to a congested population, despite the number of people, which means most of them live in big settlements.
The country's landscape is quite frightening; rushing rivers, withered flower fields and destructive waterfalls are just a sliver of the crudeness Quvania has to offer, which is why the country is rejected among foreigners.
The people of Quvania are loving towards foreigners and tend to welcome them with cold beverages. They feel foreigners could bolster the country's well being.
Quvania has stern laws and law enforcement, which is to be expected. The people are distressed due to a lack of skilled craftsmen, caused by unfortunate genetics.
This is also reflected in the country's flag, which has four small crosses in dark gold, light pink and silver. Their coat of arms is a chicken with two swords on either side
The country of Quvania is a large country with a population of 3737835 high elves
Bordered between fjords to the North, a marsh to the South, a tropical forest to the East and a frozen sea to the West, the country of Quvania mainly lives off herbalism, mining and leatherworking.
Quvania itself is mainly covered in forests and has a humid climate, which has lead to a scattered population, despite the number of people, which means most of them live in hamlets.
The country's landscape is quite pleasant; red leaved trees, terraced fields of green and red leaved trees are just a sliver of the allure Quvania has to offer, which is why the country is praised among foreigners.
The people of Quvania are sociable towards foreigners and tend to welcome them with warmth. They feel foreigners could promote the country's well being.
Quvania has gentle laws and law enforcement, which is expected in their circumstances. The people are agitated due to deteriorating infrastructure, caused by declining natural resources.
This is also reflected in the country's flag, which has a cross dividing a background in 4 triangular parts in light brown, light orange and black. Their coat of arms is a bird's claw with two 
The country of Uskium is a large country with a population of 14796560 dwarves
Bordered between a frozen sea to the North, rough beaches to the South, large mountains to the East and a frozen sea to the West, the country of Uskium mainly lives off woodcrafting, herbalism and hunting.
Uskium itself is mainly covered in tall forests and has a temperate climate, which has lead to a congested population, despite the number of people, which means most of them live in large settlements.
The country's landscape is grisly; black lakes, aggressive wildlife and somber architecture are just a sliver of the obscurity Uskium has to offer, which is why the country is dodged among foreigners.
The people of Uskium are kindhearted towards foreigners and tend to welcome them with comradery. They feel foreigners could further develop the country's well being.
Uskium has resolute laws and law enforcement, which is to be expected. The people are harmonious due to their bond with nature, thanks to fortunate genetics.
This is also reflected in the country's flag, which has three horizontal stripes and a triangle in light purple, dark purple and white. Their coat of arms is grain surrounded by 3 small stars
