Two shuttered eyes study their surroundings from their wide sockets. A pig-like nose rests below, but it's the deep mouth below that takes all the attention. A shy smile reveals two long canines and a large tongue.
Thin bent ears sit on each side of its average, wide head, which itself is covered in thin hair.
Its tall fat body stands straight. Two long arms rest at its sides and end in small hands with thin fingers, each with pointy nails.
Its legs are short and are bent, each ending in hairy feet.
Its body is covered in coarse skin and its shoulders are about the same width as its pelvis.
Two shiny eyes look at their surroundings from their bulging sockets. A large nose rests below, but it's the shallow mouth below that takes all the attention. A thin smile reveals rows of crooked teeth and a broad tongue.
Massive stubby ears sit on each side of its short, broad head, which itself is covered in long hairs.
Its short lean body stands straight. Two thick bony arms dangle at its sides and end in claw-like hands with short fingers, of which it has 12 in total.
Its legs are short and are slightly bent, each ending in small feet.
Its body is covered in armor-like scales and its shoulders are broader than its pelvis.
Two wide eyes view their surroundings from their wide sockets. A spiky nose rests below, but it's the overbite mouth below that takes all the attention. A sly smile reveals rows upon rows of small teeth and a thin tongue.
Small jagged ears sit on each side of its short, pointy head, which itself is covered in thin hair-like tentacles.
Its small thin body is hunched over. Two lean tentacle-like arms hang at its sides and end in bent hands with thick fingers, of which it has 8 in total.
Its legs are lean and stand straight, each ending in skinny feet.
Its body is covered in large feathers and its shoulders are narrower than its pelvis, from which a long tail sways back and forth.
Two hollow eyes monitor their surroundings from their broad sockets. A big nose rests below, but it's the overbite mouth below that takes all the attention. A wide smile reveals two small canines and a slimy tongue.
Wide pointy ears sit on each side of its large, wide head, which itself is covered in tiny hairs.
Its low broad body stands straight. Two short bony arms hang at its sides and end in claw-like hands with long fingers, of which it has 12 in total.
Its legs are muscular and stand straight, each ending in lean paws.
Its body is covered in coarse skin and its shoulders are about the same width as its pelvis.
Three enormous eyes monitor their surroundings from their thin sockets. A snake-like nose rests below, but it's the small mouth below that takes all the attention. A wide smile reveals rows of crooked teeth and a forked tongue.
Tiny stubby ears sit on each side of its large, oval head, which itself is covered in long hairs.
Its tall lean body is slightly hunched over. Two thick almost branch-like arms hang at its sides and end in bony hands with bent fingers, of which it has 12 in total.
Its legs are long and are bent, each ending in wide feet.
Its body is covered in thick skin and its shoulders are about the same width as its pelvis.
Two doe-eyed eyes inspect their surroundings from their slimy sockets. A pointy nose rests below, but it's the tiny mouth below that takes all the attention. A gummy smile reveals two large fangs and a coarse tongue.
Short stubby ears sit on each side of its large, lean head, which itself is covered in thin hair-like tentacles.
Its tall fat body stands straight. Two long crooked arms dangle at its sides and end in massive hands with curvy fingers, of which it has 8 in total.
Its legs are thin and stand straight, each ending in long hooves.
Its body is covered in soft skin and its shoulders are narrower than its pelvis, from which a small tail sways back and forth.
Two narrow eyes study their surroundings from their scaly sockets. A thin nose rests below, but it's the shallow mouth below that takes all the attention. A thin smile reveals several rows of sharp teeth and a forked tongue.
Huge fan-like ears sit on each side of its long, lean head, which itself is covered in rows of small horns and has several large tentacles protruding from the top.
Its small bulky body stands straight. Two average almost branch-like arms dangle at its sides and end in bony hands with long fingers, of which it has 8 in total.
Its legs are wide and stand straight, each ending in short paws.
Its body is covered in coarse skin and its shoulders are broader than its pelvis, from which a massive tail sways back and forth.
Two hollow eyes watch their surroundings from their wide sockets. A pig-like nose rests below, but it's the normal mouth below that takes all the attention. A sly smile reveals rows of huge teeth and a thin tongue.
Long stubby ears sit on each side of its large, broad head, which itself is covered in scaly ridges and has two large tentacles protruding from the sides.
Its average hefty body stands straight. Two thick warping arms dangle at its sides and end in massive hands with claw-like fingers, of which it has 12 in total.
Its legs are lean and are slightly bent, each ending in short hooves.
Its body is covered in coarse skin and its shoulders are broader than its pelvis, from which a tentacle-like tail grows.
Three doe-eyed eyes view their surroundings from their bony sockets. A pig-like nose rests below, but it's the shallow mouth below that takes all the attention. A thin smile reveals rows upon rows of teeth and a long tongue.
Large squared ears sit on each side of its huge, lean head, which itself is covered in long hairs and has two curved horns protruding from the sides.
Its low fat body stands straight. Two thin arms dangle at its sides and end in bent hands with sharp nailed fingers, of which it has 8 in total.
Its legs are short and stand straight, each ending in short paws.
Its body is covered in large feathers and its shoulders are broader than its pelvis, from which a split tail sways back and forth.
Two enormous eyes view their surroundings from their giant sockets. A reptilian nose rests below, but it's the overbite mouth below that takes all the attention. A thin smile reveals curved fangs and a flat tongue.
Thin jagged ears sit on each side of its huge, angular head, which itself is covered in small tentacles.
Its tall athletic body is hunched over. Two lean stone-like arms dangle at its sides and end in large hands with thick fingers, of which it has 6 in total.
Its legs are skinny and are slightly bent, each ending in broad paws.
Its body is covered in slimy scales and its shoulders are narrower than its pelvis, from which a spiked tail sways back and forth.
Two broad eyes watch their surroundings from their large sockets. A hooked nose rests below, but it's the normal mouth below that takes all the attention. A sly smile reveals several rows of sharp teeth and a small tongue.
Broad spiky ears sit on each side of its short, angular head, which itself is covered in rows of small horns and has two small antlers protruding from the sides.
Its small stout body is slightly hunched over. Two lean crooked arms rest at its sides and end in stone-like hands with long nailed fingers, of which it has 6 in total.
Its legs are muscular and are bent, each ending in wide feet.
Its body is covered in large armor-like scales and its shoulders are about the same width as its pelvis.
Two giant eyes look at their surroundings from their deep sockets. A broad nose rests below, but it's the long mouth below that takes all the attention. A sly smile reveals two eerie canines and a thin tongue.
Short bent ears sit on each side of its long, squared head, which itself is covered in curly hair.
Its average hefty body is hunched over. Two broad arms rest at its sides and end in small hands with stubby fingers, each with dull nails.
Its legs are small and are slightly bent, each ending in flat feet.
Its body is covered in soft skin and its shoulders are narrower than its pelvis, from which a long tail sways back and forth.
Two small eyes observe their surroundings from their broad sockets. A small nose rests below, but it's the long mouth below that takes all the attention. A gummy smile reveals two short canines and a wide tongue.
Thin bent ears sit on each side of its long, rounded head, which itself is covered in thick hair.
Its long chunky body stands straight. Two lean arms dangle at its sides and end in large hands with long fingers, each with sharp nails.
Its legs are short and are bent, each ending in hairy feet.
Its body is covered in soft skin and its shoulders are broader than its pelvis, from which a short tail sways back and forth.
Two dead eyes monitor their surroundings from their wide sockets. A round nose rests below, but it's the ordinary mouth below that takes all the attention. A creepy smile reveals two thin canines and a long tongue.
Large round ears sit on each side of its short, wide head, which itself is covered in coarse hair.
Its low athletic body is slightly hunched over. Two thin arms dangle at its sides and end in wide hands with stubby fingers, each with thin nails.
Its legs are long and stand straight, each ending in broad feet.
Its body is covered in short fur and its shoulders are narrower than its pelvis, from which a thin tail sways back and forth.
Three thin eyes observe their surroundings from their wide sockets. A pointy nose rests below, but it's the narrow mouth below that takes all the attention. A sly smile reveals two pointy canines and a wide tongue.
Wide bent ears sit on each side of its large, narrow head, which itself is covered in silken hair.
Its average stout body stands straight. Two thin arms dangle at its sides and end in small hands with thin fingers, each with pointy nails.
Its legs are long and stand straight, each ending in broad feet.
Its body is covered in coarse skin and its shoulders are about the same width as its pelvis.
Two bug-eyed eyes inspect their surroundings from their wide sockets. A flat nose rests below, but it's the large mouth below that takes all the attention. A happy smile reveals two eerie canines and a small tongue.
Wide round ears sit on each side of its small, wide head, which itself is covered in short and has two curved horns protruding from the sides hair.
Its average skinny body is hunched over. Two lean arms dangle at its sides and end in graceful hands with thin fingers, each with dull nails.
Its legs are long and are slightly bent, each ending in flat feet.
Its body is covered in delicate skin and its shoulders are narrower than its pelvis.
Four dead eyes watch their surroundings from their wide sockets. A round nose rests below, but it's the long mouth below that takes all the attention. A sardonic smile reveals two dull canines and a thin tongue.
Narrow squared ears sit on each side of its large, squared head, which itself is covered in silken and has two small horns protruding from the sides hair
Its average broad body stands straight. Two short arms rest at its sides and end in broad hands with short fingers, each with thin nails.
Its legs are small and stand straight, each ending in hairy feet.
Its body is covered in coarse fur and its shoulders are about the same width as its pelvis, from which a long tail sways back and forth.
Two tiny eyes survey their surroundings from their deep sockets. A big nose rests below, but it's the shallow mouth below that takes all the attention. A wide smile reveals two thin canines and a broad tongue.
Large squared ears sit on each side of its average, squared head, which itself is covered in thick hair.
Its long fat body stands straight. Two short arms hang at its sides and end in wide hands with thin fingers, each with broad nails.
Its legs are thin and stand straight, each ending in hairy feet.
Its body is covered in thick skin and its shoulders are narrower than its pelvis, from which a short tail sways back and forth.
Three narrow eyes study their surroundings from their bony sockets. A narrow nose rests below, but it's the shallow mouth below that takes all the attention. A sardonic smile reveals two large canines and a long tongue.
Massive bent ears sit on each side of its huge, rounded head, which itself is covered in long hairs.
Its average broad body stands straight. Two lean crooked arms rest at its sides and end in narrow hands with small fingers, of which it has 12 in total.
Its legs are muscular and stand straight, each ending in crooked feet.
Its body is covered in delicate skin and its shoulders are broader than its pelvis.
Three beady eyes survey their surroundings from their thin sockets. A round nose rests below, but it's the ordinary mouth below that takes all the attention. A sardonic smile reveals two small canines and a wide tongue.
Long squared ears sit on each side of its small, narrow head, which itself is covered in thin hair.
Its low skinny body is slightly hunched over. Two thick arms rest at its sides and end in thin hands with thin fingers, each with broad nails.
Its legs are tall and are bent, each ending in small feet.
Its body is covered in coarse fur and its shoulders are broader than its pelvis, from which a large tail sways back and forth.
Two giant eyes watch their surroundings from their bony sockets. A pig-like nose rests below, but it's the huge mouth below that takes all the attention. A sardonic smile reveals two large fangs and a large tongue.
Huge fan-like ears sit on each side of its small, broad head, which itself is covered in scaly ridges and has two thin horns protruding from the sides.
Its low chunky body is hunched over. Two broad stone-like arms rest at its sides and end in tentacle-like hands with very long fingers, of which it has 10 in total.
Its legs are skinny and are slightly bent, each ending in wide feet.
Its body is covered in nasty skin and its shoulders are narrower than its pelvis.
Two beady eyes look at their surroundings from their tiny sockets. A hollow nose rests below, but it's the normal mouth below that takes all the attention. A wide smile reveals rows of shark-like teeth and a very long tongue.
Massive jagged ears sit on each side of its short, wrinkled head, which itself is covered in thin hair-like tentacles and has two stubby horns protruding from the sides.
Its small brawny body is slightly hunched over. Two thick arms dangle at its sides and end in crooked hands with curvy fingers, of which it has 8 in total.
Its legs are wide and stand straight, each ending in thin feet.
Its body is covered in large armor-like scales and its shoulders are about the same width as its pelvis, from which a large tail sways back and forth.
Two dead eyes inspect their surroundings from their narrow sockets. A wide nose rests below, but it's the normal mouth below that takes all the attention. A shy smile reveals two sharp canines and a flat tongue.
Broad pointy ears sit on each side of its large, thin head, which itself is covered in silken hair.
Its short brawny body stands straight. Two broad arms dangle at its sides and end in gentle hands with curvy fingers, each with pointy nails.
Its legs are skinny and are bent, each ending in broad feet.
Its body is covered in short fur and its shoulders are about the same width as its pelvis.
Two dead eyes inspect their surroundings from their narrow sockets. A wide nose rests below, but it's the normal mouth below that takes all the attention. A shy smile reveals two sharp canines and a flat tongue.
Broad pointy ears sit on each side of its large, thin head, which itself is covered in silken hair.
Its short brawny body stands straight. Two broad arms dangle at its sides and end in gentle hands with curvy fingers, each with pointy nails.
Its legs are skinny and are bent, each ending in broad feet.
Its body is covered in short fur and its shoulders are about the same width as its pelvis.
Two thin eyes look at their surroundings from their bony sockets. A broad nose rests below, but it's the ordinary mouth below that takes all the attention. A thin smile reveals two large canines and a small tongue.
Narrow round ears sit on each side of its large, squared head, which itself is covered in coarse and has two curved horns protruding from the top hair.
Its average lean body stands straight. Two lean arms hang at its sides and end in thin hands with curvy fingers, each with normal nails.
Its legs are wide and are bent, each ending in flat feet.
Its body is covered in small scales and its shoulders are narrower than its pelvis, from which a thin tail sways back and forth.
Two shiny eyes examine their surroundings from their large sockets. A gentle nose rests below, but it's the shallow mouth below that takes all the attention. A lazy smile reveals two sharp canines and a thin tongue.
Wide pointy ears sit on each side of its large, narrow head, which itself is covered in curly hair.
Its average chunky body is slightly hunched over. Two long arms rest at its sides and end in broad hands with long fingers, each with claw-like nails.
Its legs are long and are bent, each ending in small feet.
Its body is covered in thick fur and its shoulders are broader than its pelvis, from which a broad tail sways back and forth.
Two beady eyes look at their surroundings from their broad sockets. A pointy nose rests below, but it's the normal mouth below that takes all the attention. A sly smile reveals rows of broken teeth and a large tongue.
Tiny flappy ears sit on each side of its tiny, rounded head, which itself is covered in tattoo-like markings and has two large tentacles protruding from the top.
Its short muscular body stands straight. Two broad crooked arms dangle at its sides and end in claw-like hands with thin fingers, of which it has 8 in total.
Its legs are lean and are slightly bent, each ending in thin feet.
Its body is covered in coarse fur and its shoulders are broader than its pelvis, from which a bony tail sways back and forth.
Two clear eyes inspect their surroundings from their thin sockets. A broad nose rests below, but it's the shallow mouth below that takes all the attention. A shy smile reveals two creepy canines and a long tongue.
Narrow squared ears sit on each side of its small, narrow head, which itself is covered in long hair.
Its small hefty body stands straight. Two lean arms hang at its sides and end in narrow hands with long fingers, each with normal nails.
Its legs are wide and stand straight, each ending in wide feet.
Its body is covered in small scales and its shoulders are about the same width as its pelvis.
Two dead eyes inspect their surroundings from their large sockets. A big nose rests below, but it's the normal mouth below that takes all the attention. A creepy smile reveals two small fangs and a forked tongue.
Small spiky ears sit on each side of its long, triangular head, which itself is covered in short hairs.
Its tall fat body stands straight. Two long crooked arms hang at its sides and end in huge hands with short fingers, of which it has 8 in total.
Its legs are small and stand straight, each ending in broad feet.
Its body is covered in small feathers and its shoulders are broader than its pelvis, from which a spiked tail sways back and forth.
Two tiny eyes watch their surroundings from their huge sockets. A large nose rests below, but it's the deep mouth below that takes all the attention. A gentle smile reveals two creepy canines and a thin tongue.
Broad pointy ears sit on each side of its small, squared head, which itself is covered in silken hair.
Its average hefty body is hunched over. Two thick arms rest at its sides and end in gentle hands with thick fingers, each with long nails.
Its legs are lean and are bent, each ending in short feet.
Its body is covered in soft skin and its shoulders are narrower than its pelvis, from which a thin tail sways back and forth.
Four large eyes study their surroundings from their broad sockets. A barely existing nose rests below, but it's the large mouth below that takes all the attention. A sardonic smile reveals rows upon rows of small teeth and a huge tongue.
Tiny spiky ears sit on each side of its small, broad head, which itself is covered in long hairs.
Its low muscular body stands straight. Two average arms dangle at its sides and end in bent hands with very long fingers, of which it has 8 in total.
Its legs are muscular and stand straight, each ending in small paws.
Its body is covered in fluffy fur and its shoulders are about the same width as its pelvis.
Two glassy eyes survey their surroundings from their eerie sockets. A broad nose rests below, but it's the massive mouth below that takes all the attention. A shy smile reveals curved fangs and a thin tongue.
Wide pointy ears sit on each side of its average, bony head, which itself is covered in rows of small horns and has two curved horns protruding from the sides.
Its long hefty body is hunched over. Two thin warping arms rest at its sides and end in bony hands with short fingers, of which it has 12 in total.
Its legs are lean and stand straight, each ending in crooked feet.
Its body is covered in large scales and its shoulders are broader than its pelvis, from which a small tail sways back and forth.
Three close-set eyes study their surroundings from their thin sockets. A pig-like nose rests below, but it's the massive mouth below that takes all the attention. A gentle smile reveals rows of eerie looking teeth and a flat tongue.
Long pointy ears sit on each side of its large, angular head, which itself is covered in short hairs and has several bony spikes protruding from the sides.
Its tall thin body is hunched over. Two short stone-like arms hang at its sides and end in thin hands with curvy fingers, of which it has 8 in total.
Its legs are lean and are slightly bent, each ending in skinny feet.
Its body is covered in thick scales and its shoulders are narrower than its pelvis, from which a massive tail sways back and forth.Two giant eyes observe their surroundings from their narrow sockets. A bony nose rests below, but it's the small mouth below that takes all the attention. A lazy smile reveals monstrous teeth and a huge tongue.
Long fan-like ears sit on each side of its huge, broad head, which itself is covered in tattoo-like markings and has several bony spikes protruding from the sides.
Its small brawny body stands straight. Two thin almost branch-like arms dangle at its sides and end in bony hands with short fingers, of which it has 8 in total.
Its legs are small and are slightly bent, each ending in crooked hooves.
Its body is covered in coarse fur and its shoulders are about the same width as its pelvis.
Three hollow eyes examine their surroundings from their tiny sockets. A wide nose rests below, but it's the deep mouth below that takes all the attention. A creepy smile reveals rows of broken teeth and a forked tongue.
Small flappy ears sit on each side of its long, lean head, which itself is covered in tiny hairs.
Its average lean body is hunched over. Two average stone-like arms hang at its sides and end in wide hands with stubby fingers, of which it has 8 in total.
Its legs are lean and are bent, each ending in muscular feet.
Its body is covered in thick skin and its shoulders are narrower than its pelvis, from which a spiked tail sways back and forth.
Two sunken eyes examine their surroundings from their thin sockets. A bony nose rests below, but it's the underbite mouth below that takes all the attention. A wide smile reveals rows of shark-like teeth and a broad tongue.
Enormous round ears sit on each side of its massive, rounded head, which itself is covered in tattoo-like markings and has two stubby horns protruding from the sides.
Its average hefty body is slightly hunched over. Two thin warping arms rest at its sides and end in tentacle-like hands with small fingers, of which it has 8 in total.
Its legs are tall and are slightly bent, each ending in short feet.
Its body is covered in coarse fur and its shoulders are about the same width as its pelvis, from which a long tail sways back and forth.
Two thin eyes watch their surroundings from their wide sockets. A round nose rests below, but it's the massive mouth below that takes all the attention. A gummy smile reveals rows upon rows of small teeth and a broad tongue.
Large bent ears sit on each side of its short, wide head, which itself is covered in scar-like carvings and has two small antlers protruding from the top.
Its long muscular body stands straight. Two long arms dangle at its sides and end in narrow hands with small fingers, of which it has 12 in total.
Its legs are thin and stand straight, each ending in short feet.
Its body is covered in wood-like skin and its shoulders are broader than its pelvis, from which a split tail sways back and forth.
Three giant eyes look at their surroundings from their giant sockets. A bony nose rests below, but it's the tiny mouth below that takes all the attention. A happy smile reveals two small fangs and a forked tongue.
Thin round ears sit on each side of its tiny, thin head, which itself is covered in scaly ridges and has several bony spikes protruding from the top.
Its low chunky body is hunched over. Two lean arms hang at its sides and end in crooked hands with long nailed fingers, of which it has 8 in total.
Its legs are thin and stand straight, each ending in wide hooves.
Its body is covered in thick skin and its shoulders are narrower than its pelvis.
Three giant eyes observe their surroundings from their wide sockets. A barely existing nose rests below, but it's the normal mouth below that takes all the attention. A gentle smile reveals rows of broken teeth and a large tongue.
Tiny jagged ears sit on each side of its short, pointy head, which itself is covered in long hairs.
Its small slender body stands straight. Two lean tentacle-like arms hang at its sides and end in massive hands with small fingers, of which it has 8 in total.
Its legs are broad and are bent, each ending in muscular feet.
Its body is covered in soft skin and its shoulders are about the same width as its pelvis, from which a massive tail sways back and forth.
